Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
You’re holding back. Talk to me.
I want to know what you’re feeling.
I’m just thinking
about this person that’s so broken.
Yourself?
Myself.
So broken?
You feel broken?
How does it feel…
feeling broken sitting right here
in front of me?
I'm looking at you.
How does it feel
to be broken as I look at you?
Hurtful?
Very sad?
Very sad to feel broken…
Very sad to feel broken.
Can you feel
my acceptance of you as broken?
What’s that feel like?
Feels good…
That feels good.
I just wish I wasn’t here at this time…
I mean. I wish I wasn’t here
in my mind right now.
Of course.
I feel like…
I just feel like a bad person.
Mm-hmm.